Oh one-night stand when that used to
mean a good time remembering the one
great night of pleasure pain and
flailing tables I'm talking about the
original ECW one that stand of course
you know since this is the fourth one
I'm starting to think this joomla swiss
might not think it's a one night stand
anymore well with the 2008 one-night
stand happening a few weeks ago i figure
i review some strange pay-per-view
covers with me well as we all remember
the first pay-per-view cover it was
simple just like the process of a
one-night stand simple straight to the
point and thinking it was only once 12
in 2006 came along and we have ECW
one-night stand to featuring john cena
vs Rob Van Dam okay I can live with this
it still has an ECW original and
features the main event on the cover
well in 2007 I'm expecting one night
expand once again so CCW now have their
own show on syfy it shouldn't be a
problem right exactly now we have WWE
one night stand what did I miss
something all the WWE ECW having an
affair with the same q miss wish I mean
c'mon they already got rays of their
December pay-per-view well what happened
was that the WWE was starting to combine
all their brands into one show the chai
personally was always never a fan with
all three brands means that you have the
same three main event guys and if every
paper of you if you wanted to do that
you might as well get rid of all the
three brands and make it one show again
yes so before they would have eight
brought presents pay-per-view for
Smackdown presense pay-per-view which
we're good because you could see the
McCarter's of each show and their
storylines but now you weren't going to
see back you were just gonna see John
Cena letís and Bobby Lashley all the
time in every trip will main event of
every paper of you in fact if you were
from ECW the only way you would go to be
on the shield is if you will receive w
champion I never understood
raw smackdown and ECW pre sent paper if
he CW only had one match every
pay-per-view will anyway I got
sidetracked well the WWE one night stand
toaster doesn't make sense it has more
as common Bobby Lashley on cover by the
core baman Lashley star to war like
Shannon fence did before his court found
by ECW and lastly by WWE and are they
gonna have invasion far too doesn't make
any sense well what I'm guessing
happened was that the art theme was
probably told that was originally going
to be another ECW paper that had court
on Friday Ashley in the main but of
course that never happened what did
happen once that Lashley beat McMahon
for the ECW title while corpang lost
with matt striker and Elijah Burke in a
six-man tag go yet I guess they decided
to keep a poster of the main event and
the jobber together if that was the case
they might as well should have put Matt
Striker English term of man together if
they wanted to go with a theme well now
that brings me to this year's poster we
have the ECW Champion Kane cooking if
that doesn't represent one night stand i
don't know what does now this has to be
one of the worst things to any paper of
you the problem is this one is that you
couldn't really put this view with an e
pay-per-view i tried nothing works I
mean I can understand misplacing the
feed like this year judgment a poster I
think it would have made more sense if
Triple H was in the electric chair
instead but might escape a prison this
scheme would happen perfect for this
paper am I right or what will anyway
back to one night stand at least the
last two posters had the main eventers
on the cover but this year Kane was on
the cover yes k is the ECW Champion but
he didn't even wrestle on the show I
think someone no justice and replaced
the poster with it afore a cover on the
final DVD cover well anyway Kane is
holding a WWE
you know what I think it represents it
represents the fact that the WWE will
always only CW and anything ever created
it will never be the same if you move
and improve just go ask mike adamle well
anyway I hope you enjoyed my review of
the one night and Congress next time i
will show the life and death of Lingen
end of a pay per views until next time I
am the 8-bit boy take care